README.md, before:

![Logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CamoRF/Red-Faction-Guerrilla-Terraform-Patch/main/Logo.png?raw=true "Logo")

- Version: v1.07.5.1 ALPHA
- Date: 19-8-2023
- Build: XXXX
- Work-in-progress project that adds content, fixes bugs, and enhances many features; made for the 2018 remaster of Red Faction Guerrilla.
- Rebalanced multiplayer, DLC weapons, new maps, new characters, new backpacks and much more!
- Note: Currently the majority of the patch focuses on multiplayer, there are a few SP changes included but comprehensive changes will come later.
- Join us for weekly game nights on [Faction Files](https://discord.com/invite/factionfiles)

# Installation
- First verify your game files.
- Use [SyncFaction](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=7698)
- See [RF:G Game Night News](https://www.redfactionwiki.com/wiki/RF:G_Game_Night_News) for more detailed instructions and troubleshooting.

# Changelog
- [Here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CamoRF/Red-Faction-Guerrilla-Terraform-Patch/main/changelog.txt)

# Roadmap
- [Here](https://github.com/users/CamoRF/projects/3/views/1)

# Known Issues
- [Terraform Patch](https://github.com/users/CamoRF/projects/3/views/1)
- [Requires RSL2](https://github.com/orgs/rfg-modding/projects/1)

# Releases
- [v1.05 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=6247)
- [v1.06 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=6259)
- [v1.061 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=6264)
- [v1.062 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=6267)
- [v1.063 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=6269)
- [v1.064 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=6340)
- [v1.064.1 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=6362)
- [v1.064.2 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=6388)
- [v1.07 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=7501)
- [v1.07.1 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=7516)
- [v1.07.2 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=7626)
- [v1.07.3 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=7634)
- [v1.07.3.1 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=7635)
- [v1.07.4 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=7639)
- [v1.07.4.1 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=7649)
- [v1.07.5 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=7653)
- [v1.07.5.1 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=7696)

# Tools Used
- [RfgUtil](https://github.com/Moneyl/RfgUtil/releases)
- [Nanoforge](https://github.com/Moneyl/Nanoforge/releases)
- [mTools](https://github.com/CamoRF/Red-Faction-Guerrilla-Terraform-Patch/blob/main/tools/mTools.zip)
- [voidtools Everything](https://www.voidtools.com/)
- [Agent Ransack](https://www.mythicsoft.com/agentransack/)
- [Notepad++](https://notepad-plus-plus.org/)
- [RSL](https://github.com/rsl-dev/RSL/releases)
- [Scripts](https://github.com/CamoRF/Red-Faction-Guerrilla-Terraform-Patch/tree/main/tools/scripts)
- [xdelta UI](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=5686)
- [AsmTool](https://github.com/Moneyl/AsmTool)

# Credits
- [moneyl](https://github.com/Moneyl) for lots of help & developing all the tools that make this project possible including Nanoforge, AsmTool, RfgUtil & RSL.
- [rast1234](https://github.com/Rast1234) for developing SyncFaction that makes it easy for users to install this mod automatically and stay up to date.
- [Rick Gibbed](https://github.com/gibbed) for his work on other tools used in the development of this mod.
- **ATMLVE** for helping with adding some of the weapon spawns and various other fixes to the Wrecking Crew maps.
- **arrows** for developing mTool.
- **Goober** and the Faction Files Community.

Commit message:

Fixed typos in changelog, linked to new TLDR on how to get started playing, updated link to SF github release page

README.md, after:

![Logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CamoRF/Red-Faction-Guerrilla-Terraform-Patch/main/Logo.png?raw=true "Logo")

- Version: v1.07.5.1 BETA
- Date: 19-8-2023
- Build: XXXX
- Work-in-progress project that adds content, fixes bugs, and enhances many features; made for the 2018 remaster of Red Faction Guerrilla.
- Rebalanced multiplayer, DLC weapons, new maps, new characters, new backpacks and much more!
- Note: Currently the majority of the patch focuses on multiplayer, there are a few SP changes included but comprehensive changes will come later.
- Join us for weekly game nights on [Faction Files](https://discord.com/invite/factionfiles)

# Installation
- First verify your game files.
- Use [SyncFaction](https://github.com/rfg-modding/SyncFaction/releases)
- See [RF:G Intro](https://www.redfactionwiki.com/wiki/RF:G_Intro) for TLDR on how to get started.
- See [RF:G Game Night News](https://www.redfactionwiki.com/wiki/RF:G_Game_Night_News) for more detailed instructions and troubleshooting.

# Changelog
- [Here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CamoRF/Red-Faction-Guerrilla-Terraform-Patch/main/changelog.txt)

# Roadmap
- [Here](https://github.com/users/CamoRF/projects/3/views/1)

# Known Issues
- [Terraform Patch](https://github.com/users/CamoRF/projects/3/views/1)
- [Requires RSL2](https://github.com/orgs/rfg-modding/projects/1)

# Releases
- [v1.05 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=6247)
- [v1.06 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=6259)
- [v1.061 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=6264)
- [v1.062 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=6267)
- [v1.063 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=6269)
- [v1.064 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=6340)
- [v1.064.1 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=6362)
- [v1.064.2 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=6388)
- [v1.07 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=7501)
- [v1.07.1 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=7516)
- [v1.07.2 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=7626)
- [v1.07.3 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=7634)
- [v1.07.3.1 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=7635)
- [v1.07.4 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=7639)
- [v1.07.4.1 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=7649)
- [v1.07.5 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=7653)
- [v1.07.5.1 ALPHA](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=7696)

# Tools Used
- [RfgUtil](https://github.com/Moneyl/RfgUtil/releases)
- [Nanoforge](https://github.com/Moneyl/Nanoforge/releases)
- [mTools](https://github.com/CamoRF/Red-Faction-Guerrilla-Terraform-Patch/blob/main/tools/mTools.zip)
- [voidtools Everything](https://www.voidtools.com/)
- [Agent Ransack](https://www.mythicsoft.com/agentransack/)
- [Notepad++](https://notepad-plus-plus.org/)
- [RSL](https://github.com/rsl-dev/RSL/releases)
- [Scripts](https://github.com/CamoRF/Red-Faction-Guerrilla-Terraform-Patch/tree/main/tools/scripts)
- [xdelta UI](https://www.factionfiles.com/ff.php?action=file&id=5686)
- [AsmTool](https://github.com/Moneyl/AsmTool)

# Credits
- [moneyl](https://github.com/Moneyl) for lots of help & developing all the tools that make this project possible including Nanoforge, AsmTool, RfgUtil & RSL.
- [rast1234](https://github.com/Rast1234) for developing SyncFaction that makes it easy for users to install this mod automatically and stay up to date.
- [Rick Gibbed](https://github.com/gibbed) for his work on other tools used in the development of this mod.
- **ATMLVE** for helping with adding some of the weapon spawns and various other fixes to the Wrecking Crew maps.
- **arrows** for developing mTool.
- **Goober** and the Faction Files Community.
